The price is too high. This will add a few rollovers.
It bought so much money. It seems,
It can't survive today, it relies on this strength to turn over.
I wonder if anyone has a higher price than me.
One by one. Not slow.
Can't stay. If you really want it,
Fixed price. One hundred and fifty million.
You charge. Don't offend the ban.
One hundred and fifty million. How dare you drive it.
Is 150 million expensive to you?
Belly is solid. Belly is solid. The belly is a magic weapon.
Such a big stone, if you win.
Okay, one or two million.
My front is blocking the needle and won't give an inch.
I've been having a lot of luck lately
What if I open the book and the whole hall is filled with misery?
Later it was you
Since no one has made an offer of one to five dollars,
Then the Lin family just beat him up now
This time he's going to study
The Tianhaikou faction started fighting again
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.